#summary A bucket full of awesome ideas!

= Intro =

Ideas for features, game-play, cool stuff in general go in here :) 


= Bio-genetic Abilities / Skills / Weapons =

Since good old Doc, even though he temporarily forgot who or where he is, has a natural talent for crafting bio-genetic modifiers (think Bioshock), and has a very deep understanding of the anatomy of animals and humans which he is able to use in a very practical hands-on manner: building his weapons for survival out of the material that surely is easily accessible: bones and muscles. 

Doc might encounter specific Zoms with a special kind of anatomic feature, like a whip bone tail, claws (which could serve as wolverine style fist weapons), scythe like arms (think dead space monsters) etc. 
This bio-engineering aspect can also be applied to armor: a huge rip cage of a Big Daddy Zoms could be used as body armor, a huge skull as a helmet, and in the end Doc could have enough knowledge to build some sort of -bio-mecha-suit, making him stronger and tougher (like in the movie independence day: an alien inside a bio combat suit)  
Of course this can also be more subtle than crafting bone weapons, like making venom / healing packs out chemicals found in the dead Zoms and surrounding plants. Or deadly / slowing gases or slime which can be shot onto the evil Zoms for different effects. (ammo for bio weapons could be slime or smaller bones)
Making a reference to the game Bioshock, where the player can enhance him/herself with genetic modifiers which give them magic like abilities ranging from shooting lightning bolts out of their hands to turning a foe to a friend or better hacking abilities. 

Doc's uncanny ability / talent to find useful stuff in the cadavers and his surrounding environment and using it to create tools helping him for survival comes to him slowly and at first he's only aware of a certain tendency to look at cadavers to be something useful, a resource "you should be able to do more with".
This talent is inevitably also part of the cause for the whole Zombie outbreak. 
In his former life as a scientist he held extreme ideas of genetic enhancements and pushed it to its limits, out of which the Zoms where created - a very promising but failed attempt to enhance human nature.
Story wise, as Doc / the player progresses through the game, and becomes more bio-gen-tech savvy, a possible story fork could be to attempt to develop a anti-serum for the current Zoms plague, or perform some sort of ritualistic sacrifice of the Zoms to become more powerful than anyone in the universe (world domination is always good :) )