*Outline of the Zom-RPG story line.

= Setting =

Near future world where scientists are pushing the boundaries of cancer fighting steroids.


= The Main Character =

Initially un-named, but is quickly dubbed "Doc" by those that meet him, because he was wearing a lab coat when he met them.

Doc is unaware of the fact that he created the drug that infected his fellow scientist having been attacked by a colleague and locked in his office during the initial outbreak.

Doc is the everyman character, thrown into a world that he is unprepared for.

= The Story =

Zom-RPG is about Doc's adventure and his personal story as he uncovers information about his past and the apocalypse that killed everyone that he knew.

= Opening =
We open with Doc locked in his office. The room is sparsely decorated, there is a PC on the desk and a few locked filing cabinets. Doc is unaware that this is his own office. The raido is on. There is a safe house in a department store in the West Side.

Breaking the lock on his office door, Doc explores the building he is in, discovering it is his lab. The building is totally ransacked, and deserted. Traces of blood can be found in places but there are no people.

Doc comes across a lab where his name is on the door, though he doesn't know it. Just as he is about the enter the room, his colleagues - now brain hungry zombies, attack and Doc has to make a break for it.

Abandoning the lab, Doc takes to the city streets, using stealth to avoid the Zoms and make it to the safe house.